[narrator] Previously on
Captain Tsubasa...
While exploring the new city
he had just moved to,
Tsubasa runs into a group
of kids on a soccer field.
There, he is witness to
an epic challenge
between the amazing
goalkeeper, Genzo,
and the captains of
several different sports.
Every single one
tried their best
to score a goal on Genzo.
But it was impossible
to defeat him.
After seeing
his incredible skills,
Tsubasa decides to send
Genzo a challenge...
So Genzo... What do you
have to say now?
This right here is the kid
that challenged you earlier.
What are you trying
to pull, huh?
You really expect me
to believe
that a kid like that
has such a power kick?
Let's settle this right now.
If you really want
to challenge me...
then let's go!
Watch out!
Get out of the way!
[grunt]
[narrator] It seems destiny
had something in store
for these two
soccer players.
Now Tsubasa and Genzo will
face off against each other.
What do you have
to say now, Genzo?
So now you understand what
I was talking about earlier?
So what's up, Genzo?
Will you accept
my challenge?
Tell me,
why are you doing this?
He was there during
the challenge you had
with the captains
from all the other sports
and was really impressed.
And now,
you're challenging me?
[player 1]
Captain!
How's it going, guys?
What's going on here?
Didn't you say
you were going home?
Hey, guys, perfect timing.
Huh?
I'll admit, this little guy
has a very powerful kick.
[Genzo]
But it's a big mistake
to think he can challenge me
in a soccer field
-just with that.
-Say what?
If you really want
to challenge me,
you'll need to get
past them first!
-Huh?
-Say what?
Once you dribble
past them,
then you can face me!
-[narrator] Episode 2:
-[player 1] Captain!
-He's Flying!
-What're you talking about?
[Genzo] This will be
a piece of cake.
Don't worry about it, guys.
Sure thing, Captain.
We're just...
...wondering why you're
wasting time
with that little kid.
-Huh?
[player 1]
A challenge from Tsubasa?
[Genzo] He kicked that ball
into my yard
from an unbelievable
distance.
The power it had
was truly amazing.
-Huh?
So Captain,
are you saying
you're gonna be accepting
his challenge?
Yes, that's exactly
what I'm saying.
Wait just a second, Genzo...
Tsubasa said he wants
to challenge just you!
It's not fair for you
to make him play against
the whole team!
Well, if he doesn't
want to do it,
then there will
be no challenge.
[Ryo]
That's not right, Genzo!
It's all right, I'll do it.
What? You're gonna do it?
Are you serious?
If that's what it's gonna
take to challenge him, yes.
But that's crazy.
You can't play by yourself
against a whole team!
[chuckle]
I don't really get what
this whole thing's about,
but it sounds like fun.
This kid really think he can
challenge all of us?
I think you could say
he's literally "lost it."
-[player 3] [scoff]
-Uh...
Don't worry, Ryo...
I know I can do this.
Huh?
[Ryo] Oh man,
I really hope you're right!
[groaning]
-[Ryo] Hey, Tsubasa...
-Hm?
Please tell me
this is a joke...
Are you really planning
to play with those shoes?
Huh?
Uh...
Well, yeah. These are
all I have right now...
What? But you need
soccer cleats!
[chuckling]
These guys might be
just the b-team,
but they're still
really good players.
You're going to be
facing them all alone.
And as difficult enough
as it is,
without cleats, you won't be
able to get past any of them
You really think so?
If any of you guys has
a pair of extra cleats...
let him borrow them.
Okay, uh, sure.
Thank you, Genzo,
I appreciate it.
Please don't
misunderstand...
I just don't want you
to be coming up with
any excuses after you lose.
All right, let's do this!
[Mr. Mikami]
I still can't remember
where I've seen
that guy before...
This is not looking good.
[Tsubasa]
You can see him, right?
Listen up,
we have to thank him
for bringing you back.
[Tsubasa]
He's really good...
His name is Genzo.
[scoff] He's talking to
the ball again.
He won last year's
national championship,
and no one was able to
score a goal on him...
He really is
an extraordinary goalkeeper.
[Tsubasa] But first,
we'll have to get past
all those players...
Then we'll get our chance,
to show him what we got.
What is this kid
babbling about?
I think he's talking
to the ball. [chuckle]
It looks to me like
he has a screw loose!
All right, buddy...
You saved me when
I was just a little kid...
And I'm gonna need
your help again.
All right, we have to show
them our best right now.
-Uh...
What are you guys
waiting for?!
Hurry up and take
the ball from him!
-Yeah!
-Yes, Captain!
-Let's get him!
-Let's go!
Ready?
Get set...
Go!
Huh?
-Huh?
-What?!
[grunting]
He just got rid of
three of them in a second!
[grunting]
[laughing]
Ah!
[grunting]
[grunt]
It's amazing...
He has complete control
of the ball.
His movement is flawless.
It's impressive.
Despite his young age,
his technique is
almost perfect.
There is no doubt...
this kid...
this kid
is a soccer prodigy!
Right on, Tsubasa!
This kid is good!
Don't let him take the shot!
Move up the defense!
[yelling]
-Huh?
-He's flying!
-What?!
[grunt]
-[grunt]
-[growl]
It's going in!
-Huh?
[Roberto] Hey, guys,
the ball's still in play!
-Huh?
[chuckle] It's a shame
to waste good whisky.
But I have a feeling
this will be worth it!
Yeehaw!
Now I remember...
I know who that is.
[Roberto] He was a forward
on Brazil's national team...
Roberto Hongo!
All right, you better get
ready for this cross, kid!
Run!
-Huh?
[grunt]
[narrator]
The very first challenge
between Genzo and Tsubasa...
Two truly
remarkable players...
Neither of them
could imagine
that this would lead them
to become
two of the greatest athletes
to ever represent
the beautiful
game of soccer.
-Ah!
-Huh?
[chuckle]
All right! He did it!
[grunting]
-[gasp]
-Oh!
-Genzo!
-[players] Captain!
[players] Hey, Captain,
are you all right?
-Captain, are you okay?
-Captain, get up!
-[groan]
-Oh!
-Are you okay?
-Don't touch me!
Hey, just take it easy,
Genzo!
Shut up!
[growl]
Hey, you're bleeding!
-Huh?
-[player 1] Captain!
[Mr. Mikami]
Genzo!
[Genzo growl]
How could this be...?
I lost?
To that little kid?!
So your name
is Tsubasa, right?
Yeah.
A match...
-What?
-I said a match!
We'll have to play a match!
Huh?
We'll need to play
a full match
to find out
who's the winner.
That's the only way
we'll really know.
[Genzo] We'll have
a real challenge...
at the inter-school
tournament!
Tournament?
-Huh?
-Hey, let him go, Genzo!
Uh!
Listen up!
All you have to do is
score a goal on me
at the tournament.
Only then will I admit
my defeat to you.
All right then,
you're on!
And it won't even matter
at all who wins the match.
All that matters
is that we find out
if you can score
a goal on me!
[growl]
-Huh?
[Genzo]
Listen, Ryo.
I'm going to allow you
to use this field
for the time being.
Huh?
You'll need to
start training.
So at least you don't
get in his way
during the tournament.
Let's go!
-All right!
[Tsubasa]
Hey, wait!
Don't forget your cleats!
-Uh...
-Whatever!
Uh...
[Tsubasa]
Thank you very much!
[player 3] Uh...
You're welcome.
Bye, guys... I'll see you
at the tournament!
Man, that was intense.
I've never seen Genzo
so mad before.
Just so you know,
I was ready to step in
if he had hit you.
But honestly,
it was really amazing
when you scored
that goal on him.
-[Tsubasa] Thank you...
-Huh?
I knew I could count on you.
Hey, Ryo...
-[grunt]
-Huh?
Oh!
I got it!
I know it may not
look like it,
but I'm really the captain
of the Nankatsu team.
Right over here!
Pass!
Huh?
Okay.
I can't wait to
introduce you
to the rest of the team.
All right, thank you!
And tell me...
What's the deal with this
inter-school tournament?
Oh yeah, about that...
The most important part
is that
Nankatsu and Shutetsu
have been enemies
in this city forever.
-They're enemies?
-That's right...
I really hate those guys!
Uh... Their team is
really popular.
And they're always bragging
about it.
They're always recruiting
the very best players
and that's not fair...
They always beat us!
Uh, I get it.
They have always
humiliated us
and they keep finding
new ways to mess with us.
That fight we had earlier
over the field
was just the latest stunt
they pulled.
You said...
we should all be
sharing the field.
But nobody can get along
with those guys.
Hmm...
[Tsubasa]
That's not good at all.
Yeah... That's why this
tournament is a big deal.
Nankatsu and Shutetsu
always face off.
It's a competition between
all the sports clubs.
It's really a huge
event every year.
Everyone loves it.
People from all over
the city
come to watch the games.
[Tsubasa]
That sounds amazing!
[Ryo]
All of our clubs always
give Shutetsu a good match
except for our soccer team.
We've never been able to win
a single match against them.
So the whole school
thinks we're losers.
But now,
with you on our team,
I think we'll have
a really good chance.
I'm really excited
about this!
Uh-huh.
[chuckle]
Let's go!
Oh, I missed it!
[Roberto]
Hey!
Huh?
Oh!
[Tsubasa] Hey, mister...
Thanks so much for the pass!
You're very welcome.
You did great!
[Roberto]
To be honest,
I was truly impressed
by your moves.
[chuckle]
Tsubasa Ozora.
[chuckle] Hi, my name is
Roberto Hongo.
It's a pleasure.
Huh?
Roberto Hongo.
Hello. It's an honor
to meet you.
-I'm your number one fan.
-Oh. [laugh]
Oh, thank you!
I gotta say, I'm really
-glad to meet you too.
-Oh man!
This guy really stinks.
He's just
a crazy drunk man!
Oh, hello! Are you a friend
of Tsubasa here?
-Yeah.
-Well,
I'm Roberto Hongo, buddy.
-Nice to meet you!
-Nice to meet you.
And tell me, are you
a soccer player as well?
Yeah, I'm the captain.
Excellent!
[laugh]
This turned out to be
a great day! [laugh]
I think this guy
is still drunk.
So, how about this?
Would you like me
to coach your team
for this inter-school
tournament thing?
-Huh?
Coach our team?!
Why would we want
a drunk coach?
If you wanna win,
I'll teach you everything
you need to know.
You'll teach us?
Listen here.
We're desperate,
but we don't need a drunk
to teach us anything!
You can't expect to
become a coach
just because
you have good luck.
I have very high standards,
you know.
[chuckle] I'm really glad
to hear that.
I expect nothing
less of you.
Then you better
take me seriously
before I get mad!
And besides, I don't see
how a drunk like you
could teach anybody
anything.
-Huh?
-Fair enough.
Maybe I can change
your mind.
[humming]
[Ryo] How did he take
the ball so fast?
[humming]
What is this guy
looking at?
Here we go!
[grunt]
[laugh]
That was really terrible.
I guess his aim is off.
[grunt]
Ah!
-What in the world?!
-Whoa!
[laugh]
I still got it!
That was awesome!
Huh! Amazing!
What do you say?
You guys want me
to be your coach?
I sure do!
That was really cool!
-Huh?
-Oh?
Here you go, sir.
Here's your hat.
Hey... Tsuba--
What?
Where did he--?
Let's do this!
Huh?
Tsubasa!
[grunt]
[yelling]
-Incredible!
-Hey, be careful!
[grunt]
Oh no! Tsubasa!
Oh man!
Hey, Tsubasa,
are you all right?
[laugh] I guess that move
is harder than I thought.
Anyways, I gotta say
that was a pretty
impressive first try.
[Roberto]
Yes, indeed!
I got a good feeling
about this, Tsubasa!
Really?
You bet!
[grunt]
Okay, I'll try it again!
You can't expect to learn
that trick so fast!
I'll try anyway.
What?
[Roberto] He just saw
the technique once,
and he's already close
to getting it.
This kid is really
something else!
[yelling]
[Roberto]
He truly loves the game.
At this pace, he'll learn
this new technique
in no time.
Huh? Missed it.
-[groan]
-[Tsubasa grunt]
Looks like that hurt.
-[groan]
-Are you all right?
As they say,
like father, like son!
Isn't that right,
Captain Ozora?!
[Mr. Ozora]
Tsubasa left to play.
Just like I thought...
Already somewhere
playing soccer.
[laugh]
That boy is something else.
Well, it's been like this
since he was little.
-Captain!
-Huh?
I've been looking
for you for a while.
We're very close
to port now.
Yeah. I'll finally be able
to go home for a while.
By the way, tell me, how is
your son doing so far?
He's growing up so fast.
Time really flies by.
I bet he'll be happy
to see you.
Are you gonna bring him
any gifts
when you get back?
I'm sure he likes
video games.
Well...
I already sent him a gift...
and I'm sure he's gonna
really love it.
[grunting]
[panting]
Man, this is really hard.
I can't get the shot right
and I'm already dizzy.
Come on, Tsubasa.
Even someone with
all your skills
can't expect to learn
that trick so fast.
I'm not giving up!
Come on. It's starting
to get dark already.
I think it's time for us
to be getting home.
Plus, I'm getting
really hungry.
Come on...
One more try!
Huh?
Roberto said he's got
a good feeling about this.
I know we can
really do this.
[Ryo]
It's amazing.
He's still not able to
land the overhead kick.
But still...
he's hitting the crossbar
in every try now.
[Ryo] His control
is unbelievable.
[grunt]
[Tsubasa]
Now, observe carefully.
Look at the goal.
All right.
That right there
is our target.
We're gonna score
this time!
Let's do this!
[grunt]
Go in!
There's no way!
[Ryo]
Whoa, you really did it!
I did it!
[laugh]
-[laugh]
-That was amazing, Tsubasa.
You got that technique
down perfectly.
Awesome!
Way to go, Tsubasa!
[laugh]
Yeehaw!
[laughing]
You really
are amazing, Tsubasa!
[laughing]
You're a genius!
You're a wonder boy!
-[laughing]
-[Ryo] Whoa! Wow!
So this is how
Brazilians celebrate!